Hello and welcome in this new section that we're going to cover more details of our virtual machine
in the preview the cost part number one that's we cover how to create and our style is excite and managed
by the central server and how to create virtual machine.
And it did we cover only deuse beginner option available in our virtual machine like how to create Sibiu
Mazda Riem the driver do hardware.
But no after covering more information like depress the resource pool and some other option we can now
cover the other option we have in a virtual machine that we didn't cover in the preview course.
So for that when we have a virtual machine we simply click on it.
Of course you remember the option we cover some of them and we still have some other option to cover.
So we click on you did sitting through it did the stitching of this virtual machine.
So if you the number this interface we already talked about it about to see how to change the speed
of our virtual machine the memory etc..
But if you remember we do this option in up outside of a virtual machine.
That's me.
We take a port of entry and machine we click on it.
We chose heated seating and we start in the rain etc..
For example we change from one to two from two socket etc. and so on and so on we would click ok then
do it it didn't happen to just one.
But when we tried it is about it on your machine.
This option was not available for example in this one right.
We can't charge Sibiu or drame etc. we need to polish up the virtual machine but drop the VM were restrained.
We have another option that's called a hot plug.
As you see here we have C.P hot plug.
It does not give us the ability to enable this one but for that you need to power of this machine enables
this one.
Then when your power on you will find that these options are challenged and the memory is available.
So here's the other one memory hot plug.
If we try to do this one in our power of virtual machine click like that
then we got to spew.
We have the option to enable this one.
Of course it's not available.
No because this Windows XP does not support the hot plug.
Also I know that information that the hot plug is in relation avouch do operate consistent in this one.
So for that's when you go to the VM option we didn't talk about this one.
We have some option to configure right.
That will let us to chose a different option right there.
It is integration about the one that we have here.
So for example when our division machine is Windows XP number six the store house.
This one is that number three.
The Wii remote location is in Windows XP 6 this is a virtual machine.
Then we have the insist it is Windows.
Then we have two windows XP.
So Windows XP does not support the hot plugging.
But if we chose another Windows that supported the hot plugging of course had for example Windows Server
2012 and then when we go back to this one we have to enable Scipio's plugin enabling not we can't use
do spew hot plugin because we choose our Windows 2000 AES from Windows 7 and more.
The operating systems support hot plugging.
So if we chose for example on a pension system that does not support the hot plugging like this one.
So this one is disable.